this guy got himself into a situation
where I mean and now he's basically
taking the red flags the warning signs
he should have paid attention to himself
and using them to harass and insult and
denigrate this younger woman
Billy Billy Don Webb he's saying things
like well Billy when you were 18 an
isiand invited you into their lives
she was an 18 year old high school
dropout and an invader according to him
paid her $10,000 ten thousand u.s.
dollars he offered to buy her a car and
he was paying for her to get a driver's
license so that he could buy her a car
and he was committed to paying for her
tuition so she could go to a college for
cosmetology you know beauty school you
know you tell me Ana seein did you fall
in love with this girl did you choose
her despite those red flags or because
of them it's scary to watch I just feel
like this whole thing started with Gregg
being very predatory to underaged girls
and now it has extended into Lanie's
territory while she is now not only
facilitating his actions but also going
out on her doing the same sorts of
things are you scared by all this
truthfully a little bit
my heart's kind of been beating out of
my chest all day I really wanted to just
come forward and talk about all of these
different things that happened but if
you look even at just the things that
have blown up on Twitter since I came
out their husband so many different
young women coming forward like Shannon
or Haley or Elaine all of these
different people coming forward with
their own information and their own
stories about what Gregg has done to
them that has absolutely nothing to do
with even what I have said he has done
this to so many different people and she
has done this to so many different
people and they work collectively to
find
these young girls and you contact them
and they offer them money and presents
and free trips concert tickets they
offer them so much to come and live
there to convince them that they will
have a better life because they have
money and they have a big house and they
have all of this stuff that they can
give to them initia now says she comes
from a bad home and she has a traumatic
past an isiand says publicly and the
girl was not a do it publicly that this
girl had a traumatic experience with
being a victim of rape of some kind that
she had a fit was a victim of having an
some terrible situation she had an
abortion
this stuff is all vague and I think it's
made more vague so it's even more
defamatory towards her and so on he's
really doing this to shame and humiliate
her and he says that she comes from a
bad family a family of criminals and
she's growing up in these way okay
okay Ana sein okay so do you want us to
believe that you chose her because you
you picked her you chose her and you
paid for her airplane ticket and you put
ten thousand dollars in her pocket for
her time are you saying you chose her
despite those facts or because of them I
was either
I was either 18 or I had just turned 19
the Grieg specifically uses a lot of act
excitement and to not speak about it oh
man he clearly went on a smear campaign
about my best friend and I um what were
those things well it if you look up even
just Google manipulation tactics there's
not really a point that he doesn't hit
so he tries to find where you're
vulnerable he tries to get information
about you who you ask pointed questions
the way he words things are very pointed
so you can either
he either paints you as this bad person
in the way that you answer or you agree
with him and he it's the way that he
speaks it's the way he communicates with
people it's the way it's really a lot of
different things and if you are aware of
these sort
manipulation tactics it's pretty easy to
pick up on but if you don't know it's
very easy to get taken advantage of like
that but I have a long history of
dealing with manipulative people I'm
very good with my words and the way that
I structure my sentences and to me when
I went there it was very evident that he
was prying or he was sort of asking
pointed questions and doing that sort of
thing and I actually went out of my way
to not give Greg a lot of information
about myself for my life because I could
tell that he was digging and he was
trying to UM sort of get as much as he
could out of me and I realized pretty
quickly the way that he was doing that
so a lot of the issues that I would
normally have I actually avoided because
I caught on pretty quick to what he was
doing there are some 18 year olds who
are I think so pugnacious so
self-confident so self-reliant that they
could cope with the situation this young
woman was put into I assume when she was
18 and then 19 I assume she got a year
older at some point there there are some
people who could cope with it at that
age not this one
Greg not this one I see I think of all
the 18 year olds you could possibly
profile you yourself initia and Greg you
yourself in condemning this woman in
defaming her and denouncing her this way
you are listing off exactly the reasons
exactly the factors that would make her
weak susceptible unable to resist unable
to stand up for herself unable to enter
into this especially high stress and
bizarre relationship a three-way
relationship with you know a 30 year old
man a 30 year old man putting money in
our pocket and buying our car you've
listed off so many factors that don't
reflect badly on her
they were affect badly on you Greg
people are saying that we had sexual
conversations or were planning on having
sexual relations when I was underage and
we never did I do want to say that she
said they never had these types of
conversations and if that's true then
what is this this is a text from Sarah
saying she's about to shower Lanie
saying without me winky face she's
saying yeah and then she says what would
you do if I was there that seems very
sexual in nature and I do provide in the
the video in the description multiple
multiple screenshots of this same type
of behavior this is another screenshot
that was majorly concerning to me so
this is a screenshot that was sent by
Madison this is from Madison to Sarah
that I believe it's one of the only
conversations they had it's from a 327
of 2015 553 p.m. you're gonna see
Madison in the blue Sam yikes
lol so how do you know Laney met her on
Twitter then our mutual friend Regina
told her that she could trust me
so Lanie kicked me her number red yup
law who's Regina Regina
Lanie's friend for two years that's
awesome how old are you in Regina were
both minors little ones how old not that
little I'm legal in less than a year and
a half so 16 that's the age of consent
in Washington just seeing if it was the
same in Michigan so that's pretty crazy
why do they even bring up age of consent
laws they are both minors and they were
both talking to Lanie this is what
Madison had to say so essentially his
ex-girlfriend Shiloh and I became
friends after Greg told lies publicly
about me someone sent her Instagram to
me I waited a few days to decide and
finally reached out I finally had
someone I convinced - about Greg for the
first time because none of my friends
ever met him and saw the side of him
that I did we talked about everything
she went through with Greg not all of it
was public I didn't know what was and
what wasn't I assumed her age when they
started dating was not public
information I was told she was 16 years
old so when I went on drunken peasants I
had half a beer I was not drunk
I was 100% sober and Billy was defending
Gregg so passionately I was angry I
stated something along the lines of me
knowing that he has had relationships
with younger women and I stated that he
had pedophilia like can--it Asians that
was my exact phrasing didn't Strait call
him a pedophile because I knew that
legally he was not but I used that term
because it was my personal opinion I
felt it very close to being that way he
told me that he had slept with Shiloh a
few days after her 17th birthday not
16th however he breezed over the fact
that their online relationship began
when she was 16 he signed his divorce
papers in front of Shiloh and after
googling the law slept with her that is
what I can comfortably share of that
situation the earlier video I made on
this topic tried to take a tone of being
helpful
not conciliatory but helpful towards
Gregg you're talking about what his
problems had been and why with some kind
of comparing and contrasting
observations on my own situation it's a
much smaller youtuber but as someone
who's never of the less aware of the
dynamic power the Internet has to bring
people together in romantic
relationships sometimes unexpectedly but
to put us in the position of building on
common ground with others who share our
our interests I've made a couple videos
on this channel in the past year talking
about philosophy of ancient Athens
democracy and Athens and Rome
philosophers like Aristotle and to sit
at ease and Cicero if if my whole
channel just consisted of videos of that
kind you know I could meet a woman with
that area of interest whether that's her
job or her hobby you're just something
she also likes to read I've made videos
talking with the TV show Game of Thrones
the books Song of Ice and Fire
obviously if you have a youtube channel
just dedicate to that one of the main
fringe benefits is that it can lead to a
romance it can lead to friendships but
meaningful relationships of various
kinds of people who share that that
interest the tiny amount of Fame I have
on the Internet is still enough to
really result in a lot of women
sending me love letters trying to start
relationships with me sometimes sending
me nude emails of themselves sometimes
sending me highly intellectual and yet
seductive emails talking about their
background and so on any level of fame
on the internet leads to these this
potential for these kinds of bizarre
relationships what seemed to me striking
about Gregg situation when I comment on
this two years ago was that he was not
using his platform to build on common
interest with women women at any age who
really shared that with him he was not
meeting other women who write comedy he
was not meeting women who are say very
self-confident and our experienced
actresses in comedy or stand-up comics
and say he had a lack of options that
kind you wouldn't to say that you really
wouldn't understand how YouTube internet
works if he wanted to to meet a woman
twenty five-plus who was very
self-confident
self-aware sharp highly experienced
comedian whether stand-up comedy or
writing scripted videos for YouTube or
what-have-you whether someone out of
Hollywood or New York City you name it
he would have met that person he also
could have just built on a relationship
with someone like Jacqueline Glen we all
know he and Jacqueline Glenn were not
compatible but someone who was just
experienced in making YouTube videos
comedy and so on someone who could
psychologically stand on their own two
feet and someone who had something
meaningful and come with him as a
creative artist as a filmmaker as a
comedian or whatever he could have had
that it's not an accident this is what
it already cheers ago I said it's not an
accident that what he ends up doing is
profiling and picking these very very
young women again and again who and and
even compared to other young women the
same age young women who are really
psychologically helpless who have recent
traumatic psycho experiences in their
lives women who have absolutely no
self-confidence to even speak out
against them and women who are not
capable of doing much more with him than
what he does with them which
is sit on the carpet and play video
games to some extent I think all these
women babysit his kids because he's
already married with kids and these are
supplemental Affairs and who end up
playing this very strange and somewhat
denigrating role in a love triangle
between him and his gender-neutral
bisexual wife who now refers to herself
as his husband that's a pretty
perplexing and challenging situation for
any 17-year old to be in and you know I
don't know maybe there are I can't even
say maybe there definitely would be a
self-confident hard-working accomplished
bisexual female comedian who could have
played that role and it could have made
jokes about it and could have been
making her own YouTube videos could have
been really collaborative give me that
is not what he wanted that's not what he
wanted in Lanie whose story of how they
met and how he recruited her and so on
is strangely empirical host the other
stories that's not he want what not what
he want with any of these things and you
know when were teenagers every
relationship challenges us every
relationship is hard
every life is challenging because we
lack the depth of experience and
maturity and and self-confidence to
handle those relationships and once you
pass a certain turning point in your
life it becomes incumbent on you it
becomes your choice your decision your
duty to seek out relationships that will
challenge you to not just live in a
bubble of people who can't question you
or can't disagree with you again even if
it's something as dry as Aristotle and
Thucydides in ancient Greek philosophy
even if it's something you know on the
contrary where there's this little book
learning evolved as making a youtube
video but having someone in your life
you say look is this funny do you think
this was well-written do you think this
script could have been improved you
think I should edit this out having
someone who could stand on their own two
feet and say gee you know Greg the last
four videos you made they you know they
really lost their sense of direction
halfway through he's never wanted to
have someone in his law
who could even stand up to him on that
level terms of the professional sphere
it's very clear what he's wanted his
whole life and you know to some extent
he's managed to get it again and again
and it's brought about terrible
consequences and not just the lives of
the women but in his own life as well
it's brought his own marriage to the
brink of divorce repeatedly including
paperwork being served for that and
videos have been made by that made about
that on all sides in many ways he's let
his own success ruin him
because of this strange hubris because
exactly what he wants is never to be
challenged what he wants is to be in a
position of unearned authority and for
him now even as a man in his 30s the
only way he can do that is by dating
dating or recruiting women who are not
quite legally under age as his
babysitters and as this video game
playing you know companions and it's
pathetic
and that ultimately is what we all have
to judge him for not the the legal
technicalities legality and morality are
two totally separate things and the
lesson I want the audience to draw from
this again this is talking about the
morality not the legality is to realize
that you can face this problem at any
age I can meet a woman who's 25 years
old who's just as immature as a 15 year
old I can meet a woman who's 35 years
old and is way more mature start being
way more immature than a 25 year old the
same the same issues the same
fundamental question of are you gonna
challenge yourself are you going to
allow yourself to be challenged in their
relationships in your life with your
colleagues with your lovers with your
friends that's a decision each of us has
to make and it's non decision you make
once it's as if you make again and again
every day are you gonna keep growing are
you gonna keep challenging yourself are
you gonna bring people into your life
who can shake their head and say mmm
this video or this essay or this report
whatever it is you do you know this this
isn't as this isn't as good as it could
be this isn't your best work are you
going to invite scrutiny
and have friends who are themselves
psychologically massive enough that you
can scrutinize what they're doing you
can give them criticism and negative
feedback may not be what you want may
not be what turns you on but as we all
get older I think it's something each
and every one of us very much needs
[Music]